Update support page (#10580)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/support.rst

Site support
============

Read the Docs offers support for projects on our :doc:`Read the Docs for Business </commercial/index>` and |org_brand| platforms.
We're happy to assist with any questions or problems you have using either of our platforms.

.. note::
   Read the Docs does not offer support for questions or problems with documentation tools or content.
   If you have a question or problem using a particular documentation tool,
   you can refer to `community provided resources <Community provided resources>`_ instead.

Some examples of requests that we support are:

- "How do I transfer ownership of a Read the Docs project to another maintainer?"
- "Why are my project builds being cancelled automatically?"
- "How do I manage my subscription?"

You might also find the answers you are looking for in our :doc:`documentation guides </guides/index>`.
These provide step-by-step solutions to common user requests.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: |com_brand|

        Please fill out the form at https://readthedocs.com/support/.

>         Our team responds to support requests during our normal business hours,
>         Monday through Friday, 8:00am to 5:00pm Pacific time.
>         We will reply within 2 business days or earlier for most plans.

Reviewer: Is this true? We answer sometimes in EU time, but not always. Not sure if we even put business hours here, since we have a multiple day response time?

```suggestion
        Our team responds to support requests by priority order of custom plan.
        We will reply within 2 business days on most plans,
        though we often reply quicker.
        Increased support responsiveness or SLAs are available via plan upgrades.
```

Perhaps something like this?

Author: Yeah something like that probably makes more sense. I thought we had support hours defined somewhere publicly, but I'm not finding any obvious mention of it.

Author: I tuned this up more and added the upgrade notes, that's a good addition here. I kept the focus on 2 day response time though, to keep 1 day response time as a solid upgrade.

   .. tab:: |org_brand|

        Please fill out the form at https://readthedocs.org/support/,
        and we will reply as soon as possible.

> Community provided resources

Author: I was not happy with reusing the word "community" here, as we reference Read the Docs Community above and it's a little confusing with the overlap in terms.

I didn't find the previous heading, "Usage support", a good fit though. That is, usage with Read the Docs is still something we'd support, usage with Sphinx is not.

Reviewer: Perhaps `External resources`?

Author: That works great, I've updated the section and link
